>> Brian Holt: Next thing I
wanna talk about is ESLint.
>> Brian Holt: So
Prettier is gonna handle formatting.
This isn't gonna handle things like
stylistic choices about your code.
It's not gonna handle you should use
double equals versus triple equals.
Prettier doesn't care.
Prettier is just like,
this should have a space here, and
it should not have a space here,
line break here, all that kinda stuff.
So for example, if I put parentheses
around that, because these
parentheses are optional, Prettier just
says, no, no parentheses go there.
It's just formatting your code for
you, but
it's not handling any
of the stylistic stuff.
That's where ESLint comes in.
It handles more of the stylistic
choices about your code base.
It kinda helps you find those variables
that you're not using that you
fat-fingered or something like that.
It's gonna say you should be using
double equals versus triple equals.
So a lot of times people confuse what's
the difference between Prettier and
what's the difference between ESLint?
Because there is some overlap, right?
ESLint can check if you're using
the correct amount of indentation and
stuff like that, but
we wanna turn that stuff off.
We wanna let Prettier handle
the formatting stuff, and
we wanna let ESLint handle the stylistic
choices that we're making.
Does that make sense?
Cool.
So we're gonna make a new file called .,
this is inside of the,
not the source directory,
just the root directory.
And it's gonna be called .eslintrc.json.
I've taught this course four times now,
and
this will be my third different
ESLint configuration that I've used.
My opinion of ESLint
has changed over time.
>> Brian Holt: So the first time I
taught this, we used Standard JS,
which is a very opinionated
take on how code should look.
The next time, I used Airbnb,
which I found out is the most popular one.
If you've not read the Airbnb JavaScript
guidelines, you should.
You may not necessarily agree with
everything that they're saying, but
it's a good thought
exercise to go through and
disagree with some of those things,
if you do.
It's very opinionated, very,
very strict, particularly when
it comes to writing React.
So this time, I'm choosing to take a
little bit more laid-back approach to it.
I'm gonna use what's called
the ESLint recommended rules.
So first thing we're gonna
have is gonna be extends.
>> Brian Holt: So with ESLint,
you can kinda get these package of rules
that you're going to adhere by, right?
>> Brian Holt: So
the first package that we're going
to adhere by is eslint:recommended.
And this is just what the ESLint
maintainers themselves, here's a very
minimal subset of ESLint that just
about everyone should be adhering to.
>> Brian Holt: So
this is built into ESLint.
You don't have to install a separate
preset or anything like that.
The second one that we're gonna do, this
includes some stuff about indentation and
that kinda stuff, which we don't
want ESLint to check for, right?
We just want ESLint to check for stylistic
things and not formatting things.
So we need to turn off
some of those rules.
Luckily the team at Prettier just
provides you with a Prettier preset that
you can extend and just say,
turn off all these things.
So that's all this Prettier one does,
is it just turns off stuff.
We'll also be getting into
the React stuff later.
So we'll also turn off
the Prettier/React stuff.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
that's what that's gonna do for you.
>> Brian Holt: The next thing
we're gonna do is parserOptions.
>> Brian Holt: ParserOptions are just
gonna be extended functionality that
you want your ESLint to be able to handle.
So the first thing is we wanna
use a recent version of ECMA.
>> Brian Holt: So what is ECMA?
ECMAScript is actually the full name
of the specification that defines
JavaScript, right?
So there's a body called ECMA that
defines the ECMAScript standard,
of which JavaScript is
an implementation of ECMAScript.
Now, there is only a few
implementations of ECMAScript, and
JavaScript is the primary one.
That's really the only one
that you have to care about.
For all intents and purposes,
you can assume that ECMAScript and
JavaScript are pretty much the same thing,
okay?
So we're gonna use the latest one, 2018.
This is just use everything that
has been standardized by 2018.
If I did something like 2015 here,
something like that,
which would actually be the same as 6,
that would be saying like,
anything that's newer than that
in JavaScript, fail, right?
Cuz you wanna target older browsers or
something like that.
But for our purposes, 2018 is great.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, sourceType,
we're gonna be using modules, so
that's why we're gonna do that.
Modules are just the way that we're
going to separate our files out.
And then ecmaFeatures,
we need it to understand JSX,
which I will be showing here momentarily,
so you put jsx: true.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, last thing here,
we're gonna put an env.
This is gonna let ESLint know what
kind of environments you're gonna
be writing code for, right?
If I'm writing code just for the browser,
I don't wanna be able to use Node
features in the browser, and
I want ESLint to catch that.
However, towards the end of the class,
we will be using Node, so
we're gonna have both of
those things pass Lint.
So here we're just gonna say es6: true,
this is all the new features of ES6,
which is one of the more
recent releases of JavaScript.
Browser, so we wanna be able to
use things like Window, right?
So I wanna say true.
And node, we wanna be able to use things
like process.env and things like that, so
that'll be true.
>> Brian Holt: This is just like,
what kind of globals do you
wanna have be available?
That's what it amounts to.
>> Brian Holt: Make sense?
>> Brian Holt: Cool.
So now we need to go install all
of the tools to make sure that
this actually works the way
that we anticipate.
>> Brian Holt: So
I want you to come over here and
say npm install -D.
You can also just do npm
i if you're lazy like me.
And we need to get eslint,
>> Brian Holt: eslint,
I think, -config-prettier,
and,
>> Brian Holt: Did I put that
up here as well?
Nope, I didn't.
>> Brian Holt: And this should go
install all the things that we need.
>> Brian Holt: And
you also need the plug-in.
>> Brian Holt: So one more thing,
npm install -D eslint-plugin-prettier.
>> Brian Holt: And off the top of my head,
I can't remember what
the difference between a config and
plugin in this case is.
I just remember that you need both for
Prettier.